it feels like you've lived an impossible
life but with it came over
I just needed to be able to look at
myself and not hate myself
the first black man to become
editor-in-chief of British Vogue one of
the fashion Industries biggest names
he's single-handedly
how's your father know he would have
slit your throat I grew up petrified of
him each day I was being told you're
going to be a lawyer or a doctor I knew
that wasn't going to happen at the age
of 13 I came from another country 16 I
was modeling 18 I was an editor it was
quite fast work was everything for me
there was this notion that women of
color uncovers don't sell I knew I would
need to do something about it I didn't
just create a magazine that looked good
but it's so financially successful
I was just so consumed with work and
work was where I felt like an imposter
really I mean I never look at anything
I've done and think this is amazing I
wouldn't sleep that leads you to
drinking and that leads you to drugs you
always have to fight but that fight
comes at a cost I woke up one day and I
saw these black markings in my vision I
was so scared I knew after that that I
had to change my life you sit here as
one of the most successful people in
your industry what would 51 year old
Edward say to 18 year old Edward the one
regret I do have is
before this episode starts I have a
small favor to ask from you two months
ago 74 of people that watch this channel
didn't subscribe we're now down to 69 my
goal is 50 so if you've ever liked any
of the videos we've posted if you like
this channel can you do me a quick favor
and hit the Subscribe button it helps
this channel more than you know and the
bigger the channel gets as you've seen
the bigger the guests get thank you and
enjoy this episode
[Music]
it feels like you've lived and traveled
an impossible life
you sit here as one of the most
successful people in your industry but
when I read about your earliest context
that's why I use the word impossible
can you give me the information I need
to know to understand how the man that
sits in front of me today
got here and I'm referring to that early
information
the context that molded you into the man
you are today
thank you for having me
um so as you read in the book I grew I
was born in a city called takoradi in
Ghana West Africa
my dad was in the Army he was a major
um my mother was the seamstress and we
lived on a military base in the town so
already there was
that was a weird
um way of growing up where you are in a
town but you're not in the town you're
on the military base with its own sets
of rules and
and traditions so that's where I was and
my mother was a seamstress
and I grew up in love with clothes in
love with my mother and in love with
clothes and I was always with her you
know when her customers came in and my
mother had was one of those rare
women who had their own business
you know in the 70s in Africa she had
anatellier with about 40 women so I'd
spent days
just really helping her
fit women into clothes and you know
little African boys standing around the
corner listening to the gossip being
sued away but I always say
that's when I developed my love for
women
all women because you know my mother's
friends my aunts
we're all Bodacious women of different
sizes big women if you
you know if you want to put it that way
but they were just beautiful and
vivacious and alive so really that was
that was how um I grew up in Ghana I
mean you know I was always a sickly
child so I would always be with my
mother
a lot
and I really learned about sort of women
and what really makes them tick you know
I always say I can tell when a woman is
happy and addressed by the flick of a
wrist or a little Winds of the of the
nose and so my mother was a really great
influence I didn't know anything about
fashion
but I had an aunt who had a salon called
Dolly dots
and she was a hairdresser and that was
like paradise for me
and it was there that I discovered
magazines
there was a magazine called ebony which
is an American magazine that you'd get
every month another one called jet
and another one called time
and I would literally devour those pages
and
yeah I was I was really happy it was a
really happy childhood
and then we had to move to London
because there was a military coup and my
dad
from one day to the next had to leave
so that was the next chapter really
you were the fifth of six six children
and the the figure in that equation that
wasn't mentioned is your father
in your book you talk a lot about the
fear you had of your father growing up
can you tell me how that shaped you as a
Young Man I mean my father was a
military man he
was in the peace corpse from Ghana so
they spent
ages sort of
you know for creating peace in like
places like Liberia and the Middle East
and he was there that he wasn't but we
were petrified of him
um
when he was around you wouldn't play
outside
you know he expected us all to be home
studying and he was very authoritarian
very African very strict
so yes I was always very scared and you
know I was sort of a creative child
always drawing
illustrations of drawing women all the
time and that and I'll hear you know
your dad's coming and I'll just rip them
out because I was literally in fear
of him
and um my dad had to sleep when we laugh
about it now but when he got angry it
wasn't just with it would start with one
and then the anger will descend to
to me essentially number five
because my sister wasn't born then and
um yeah he was very terrifying to me in
all aspects but then my mother was just
the most creative
most you know incredibly warm motherhood
literally sort of you know here's the
paper here's the pen you know
come in the room there's this lady so so
her into the dress zip her up so I it
was very weird having my dad who was not
artistic in any way but so disciplined
you know and my mother who was just a
creative and it's really funny because
now I am literally both I am so
disciplined in my work so disciplined
there on time
and then also so creative on the other
hand so I got something from both but
yes in those early years my dad was a
source of Terror to me what impact did
that have on you when you look back now
in hindsight I look I do this sometimes
with my parents I look back and go For
Better or For Worse
this parent
shape me accidentally for you know in
this way it might have created um I had
a guest on this podcast called Tim
Grover who trained Michael Jordan and
Kobe Bryant and he says
at that young age we developed both our
bright side and our dark side
and sometimes the same incident can give
us both of our it can give us our
Brilliance and it can also give us our
you know things we struggle with the
most
what Dark Side did you inherit from that
earlier upbringing I mean I think what I
inherited from that
that period was just this this fear
overriding fear that never leaves you a
sense that I was never good enough a
sense that
I had to hide any form of Brilliance
because
looking at those early drawings that I
did
they're not far removed from what I do
now but it was just like
don't show how brilliant you are don't
show how good you are hide it hide it
were you burning the drawings I heard
you ripping them up burning whatever I
had to do so so
I can't fathom that yeah but can you as
a creative child can you imagine that's
your calling but you don't even know at
that age that this is what you're meant
to do but you just know it just felt
like something that was wrong
so I've spent a lot of years just really
loving what I do
you know loving the fashion industry but
at the same time thinking there's
something wrong with that because
while all this was going on I was being
sort of
each day I was being told you're going
to be a lawyer or a doctor oh an
engineer
so to me those were the Great careers
that you you needed
this was a great career for an African
Child for an African parent that was it
a doctor
a lawyer or an engineer so I always felt
sometimes even in the fashion industry
when I was younger that I'm not really
doing what I'm supposed to be doing you
know if I was the doctor my dad would be
so proud and you know I carried that
with me for years
until you know I had to deal with it
yeah
the parents her parents shaped us
without really realizing
you know someone said there's no real
book to be in a parent
so you know they learn as they're going
along and my dad you know he was a young
man and
yeah in the later years things got
better maybe
so you end up moving to the UK sort of
around 13 years old roughly
um
when you come here you experience racism
for the first time it's it's an
interesting thing to experience that
racism like your teen years because you
don't even understand the concept of
racism and tell me about that yeah I
mean you know
um as I said before I grew up in Ghana
you know my early years where everything
is possible the doctors are black the
president's black the lawyers black
everybody's black every profession
and then one day we're on a plane to
England me and my siblings because my
dad had gone ahead and my mother had to
stay behind
we arrive at Gatwick Airport and we're
detained because we didn't really have
the right papers you know before
laid the Lord down you could come
to England from any Commonwealth country
without a Visa but we didn't realize she
stopped it sort of a month before
so we came anywhere we were detained and
I remember looking around the room and
saying I'm saying to my brothers oh my
God everyone's White
and it was the strangest thing I'd ever
seen because in Ghana everyone's black
and I remember you know we we decamped
to the Vauxhall to my aunt's flat and
this was you know the year of you know
Microsoft's reign
and the SAS laws and
the Brixton riots and you know be I
remember the first time I was stopped on
the street by the police with my
brothers because you know teenage black
kids they assume you're up to no good
and we had to go to school in fox or
William Bailey School
over the bridge and it was just scary
leaving the house and my father was so
traumatized by this country you know
there was a military man who didn't run
a battalion now
couldn't work you know had to seek
Asylum and we were the lowest of the low
at the point even at school I'd remember
people would call use words like oh my
God they're the boo-boos which means it
was the one they used for someone from
Africa
So Not only was it half I went to an all
black school
thank God I think my dad knew that the
country was so different from anything
we knew that he put me in an all black
school and to this day I'm so grateful
for that because my work later everyone
talks about how can you
portray black people so beautifully and
I'm like that's all I know right but
those early years were tough they were
tough just a new country a new school
and you felt a sense of not being liked
as a black person
you know
so those years were tough
and and what impact has that had on you
and your work because I think about from
a professional standpoint you were
hiding and had some sort of Shame and
insecurity around your creative
expression back in Ghana you come here
now and the world once again says you
don't belong here yeah
you know that that feels and then I even
think about you in your book you talk
about understanding that you were gay
from a very young age
that's a third point of you know listen
you said in your book about had you had
your father known had you expressed that
to your father
I think the words are used he is he
would have slit your throat yeah
I can relate
[Laughter]
I mean you know he would say things like
that like oh my God if I knew any gay
person if any person into the house I'll
slip your throat but my cousin was
living there my cousin Michael he was
gay so back to your question
how did it make me feel yeah like it
feels like there was a lot that you were
shielding or being forced to hide from
the world you know identity creative
expression sexuality
um
is that an accurate assessment as a
young man did you feel like you were
did you know that there was things that
you were kind of suppressing yeah I mean
you know I was I was very shy I was
painfully shy
you know I I couldn't I couldn't speak
up I couldn't sometimes I couldn't even
walk into a room if there were people
in there was this shyness and I just
didn't feel worthy I didn't feel good
enough I didn't feel
I didn't feel like you know I had the
right to
to even be who I was doesn't make sense
you know I just didn't feel
like a wanted you know like I wanted a
child really
so it wasn't until I was stopped on the
train to be a model then things really
changed before then I was just the
Immigrant kid you know the number five
and anybody knows when you're number
five nobody's got any time for you
child
it's a low profile didn't really want
you know didn't really want to stand out
because that would mean you'll be
punished
so I think I yeah I led life a lot like
that
so you were stopped on the train sorry
about that
nobody stopped me on the train and asked
me to be a model
I'm still waiting but we'll see you're
16 years old right when they some I'm a
guy called Simon Simon Foxton yeah I
mean so I was I guess 16.
I left Vauxhall
Ian Bailey's school I wanted to go to
Kingsway Princeton College and I
remember
saying to my mom oh my God I don't want
to wear glasses anymore because I have
these huge thick lenses my whole life
and I read I was always like reading and
I discovered there was something called
Contact Lenses
can I get a pair you know we didn't have
money but she somehow
I went to the optician and somehow
because my
you know my vision is so bad it's always
been sort of in a high 10 minus nines
minus ten they gave me contact lenses
the really hard ones and if anybody
remembers
and I yeah a week later I was on the
train you know going to from Hammersmith
to college and I was stopped by uh
gentleman who was turned out to be one
of the biggest fashion editors in the
country
to be a model and I didn't even know
what modeling was and I remember you
know going home and telling my mother
and she's like no way are you going into
that industry with those people I didn't
even know what those people meant but I
think years later I think she made gay
people
and of course I found out later Simon
was gay and the whole industry was gay
by the time I was like but you know I
wore her down I wore her down I wore her
then eventually she called him
Simon and I went on my first photo shoot
and then
again I was stopped by a model agents
and I got an agent and sort of my love
for the industry really begun from there
what about your dad did he know you were
I was hiding it my mother and I were
hiding it my mother was so good I
remember the first job
she'd go with me you know to cast things
and on my shoot sometimes because I was
16. you know I was a baby
and then she really trusted Simon Foxton
so then you know Simon would look after
me and we kept it all from my dad I had
a sister who was again stopped in Canada
by a famous model agent John Casablancas
to be a model and my dad was no way
you're not doing this so somehow in the
back of my head he wasn't going to stop
me
fine so yeah I was pretending to go to
school when I was going to cost things I
was pretending to go to school when I
was going to shoot so it's very Cloak
and Dagger but my mother and I was fun
that was your I guess your introduction
to that that world right yes fashion
modeling
yeah pivotal
I mean I remember the the first day I
walked onto
the photo shoot I think was the Pepe
jeans I talked about it and I looked
around the room and I saw the
photography I saw lights I saw
you know styling I saw
a world where everybody seemed so happy
so collaborative and in that moment I
knew
that I wanted to be in this world
in that the second I walked in and I
also knew that it wouldn't be as a model
in front of the camera
that I would be something else I didn't
I didn't know anything about the
industry also don't forget
when our parents came over from
you know the Commonwealth
they didn't know what media was
you know if you say to my dad I'm going
to be a journalist and be like what
you know there was a practical jobs that
we talked about so I don't really blame
my dad now that I'm older
he just wanted me to have something that
was Secure but try telling a 16 or 17
year old who's discovered
a world where they they belong
to turn back
to be a lawyer I knew that wasn't going
to happen
but if you went anyway to the university
I did for him for my dad but the
brilliant thing about going to
University was I was doing all these
things and I was you know I was
establishing myself as the models I had
pictures in magazines and I worked on
shows and I thought you know I could do
this side by side
it wasn't until I got to go through this
University and I remember I went for
three months
and one of my lecturers literally was
like okay so what do you do outside of
here and I explained what I've been
doing I'd also been working with a
magazine called ID as you know sort of
interning
I mean I was like so in love with this
world I was a
I was a College I was modeling I was
whatever I could do
and I remember the teacher saying to me
you know what you're doing now is what
most of our students want would like to
do when they leave so
yeah just follow it and I never went
back
but then when I dropped out I was also
offered a job as
a fashion director for ID magazine when
I was 18. did you tell your dad you
dropped out I remember telling my mum I
was dropping out of University and I
didn't speak to her for two years so
good to speak to you I remember you know
one day coming home and my dad was like
how's University and something just said
you know you can't lie and you can't lie
to him
anymore so I said you know what Dad
I've been working
you know as a model I've been working at
ID magazine I haven't really been going
to University and he was Furious he
threw my things out the window my
clothes out the window and I remember
picking them up and thinking I am never
coming back here
and funny enough that's one of that's
what propels me because sometimes I have
dreams where I've gone back home because
things didn't work out
so I said hey I remember saying to
myself I am never coming back to this
house with my tail between my legs I'm
never coming back and um
the same day I went into ID magazine and
the fashion director Beth Summers was
leaving and she said you're taking over
he throws all of your stuff there's so
much so much to unpack there
he kicks you out the family home yeah
and you in your head you go now I have
no plan B it's no plan a or plan a
nothing
sounds great but that also sounds like
that's terrified and fear as a driving
force can be a little bit unhealthy
right this this sort of fear of going
back I can relate to that as well
because a similar situation call my mum
dropping at University she goes don't
talk to me or the family until you go
back so I have two years of no plan B
it's forward and that's that's wonderful
yes for achieving great things but also
it can cause in my case
severe workaholism because you're driven
by fear are you driven or are you
dragged
driven and direct basically all I know
and
I mean you started any anybody who
started an industry at a young age will
tell you that you're just driven
you're driven I didn't even know what I
was heading towards all I knew is that
I was a workaholic I would do anything
that was needed to be done I wouldn't
sleep
I wouldn't sleep if I had to return you
know close from East London to West
London I'd walk it didn't matter
and you you're also shaped by certain
people around you at the time I mean I
had great mentors you know Terry and
Tricia Jones who owned ID magazine were
really supportive of me and you know I
also had Simon Foxton
I always say to people I couldn't have
succeeded if I didn't have great people
around me I was so lucky to have not
only the best people in the industry
but also people who are caring had I
been on my own out there in the world I
don't know what would have happened I
had Judy blame who said you know
I've just got a new house
come and stay with me rent free
however you know I was 18.
come and stay with me rent free I had
you know my editors would just give me
money like okay you're working so hard
here's 10 pounds for your lunch
I was so lucky that's why it's so
important for me to Mentor young people
it's so important for young people to
have mentors because had I not been
looked after I don't know where I would
be
and also I had this work ethic from my
dad and my mother
coupled with a with a fear of going back
home it was just forward forward motion
were you were you running towards
something or running away from something
both
I was running away from a life
that had proven too difficult
you know as you said you know black
young gay
you know all these intersections I could
call it today so I really wasn't fitting
at home and I was just
I don't know what I was hurtling towards
but I just knew
that work would get me there
that my family wouldn't get me there
you know but work somehow would get me
and I didn't know where I was going was
it a distraction
work
was everything for me work meant
everything work was when I was happiest
work was when I was saddest work was
when
I felt like myself work was where I felt
like an imposter it's almost like every
emotion you have
in a family
um what do you call it
in the family dynamic
I had at work
and it goes back to being in an industry
from a very young age from from 16 don't
forget the age of 13 I came from another
country 16 I was modeling 18 I was an
editor
so the Imposter Central not fair
and and I look back at my journey now
and you know writing the book it's like
it was quite fast it was quite a fast
Ascent Maybe
but with it came over
you know
you didn't speak to your father for
another 15 years following that day that
he chucked you out the house did you
also
sort of reject the family yes and work
became as you describe it there you're a
new family yeah yeah I rejected my
family I thought they could have done
more
to help me
um I had a baby sister who's now my
agent
and she was she didn't understand well
from one day to the next I left
I was seeing my family list and I
embraced a whole new world I mean in
this world I was Edward I was I was I
was beautiful I was shiny
um that's the word that I hate that I
was exotic back then
and it felt like this is where I needed
to be but underneath I was
I was a mess I was the same insecure
little boy hiding from my father
but because I was in a position of power
I had to
I had to cover up the shyness and
essentially grow up again grow up super
fast
you describe yourself as being lucky
[Music]
but I I'm not sure I necessarily agree
because
most people don't open up their home to
someone they don't give them money when
they need it they don't bring them in
just because
they are 18 and young so if you were to
tell me how you created that look why
people were pulling you up why they were
giving you the job as fashion director
at 18 years old why they were letting
you in their home
why was that
I mean I always thought it was luck I
always thought I was in the right place
at the right time I'd met the right
people but I had learned later on of
course
that I must have had something
In The Raw I must have had some a raw
talent I must have had
some kind of a raw Vision something that
people wanted to help hone because had I
not had these people I don't I would
never have known how to research
a great shoot or how to write a great
you know
how to write a great story
I had people I I think they must have I
must have been so
so sort of wide-eyed and innocent that
everybody wanted to help me everybody
wanted to help me win but I also know
that you do that with people
for me now I do that with people I see
have a certain Talent a certain Raw
Talent so I think now it's not down to
luck
you know luck you know luck will get you
through the door but something has to
sustain you
but in those early days I was so
grateful
you know for all these people who
thought I had something special and my
mind even working ID when I was so young
I mean I didn't have an assistant so I
would literally
work on the cover shoot style it find a
photographer I would write all the
shopping pages I would work on layouts I
would shoot Fashion Stories I would
write designer interviews it was like a
one-man Army and I didn't realize that I
was soaking in
I was soaking in an industry I was
soaking in really I mean you know
everything I do in my job now comes from
those days but there I was in sort of a
magazine
for Young People by young people and I
was learning my craft and it was
exciting every day I didn't want to go
to I didn't want to sleep
I didn't want to sleep but I was
definitely a workaholic
you know work meant everything to me
and if something went wrong in work I'll
just collapse and not know how to handle
it
doesn't make sense because it was so
closely linked to your right sense of
self identity yeah that again can be
unhealthy right pardon oh my God I talk
about imposter syndrome syndrome
and then and then your mind is saying to
you you're not meant to be here you're
this little African boy
who Do You Think You Are
and you're trying to work I mean I know
a lot of young people you know speak to
a lot of young people
today and when and when they hear that I
suffer from imposter syndrome they can't
believe it I'm like that's just part of
life it never goes away you learn where
to put it like I know that I've done
this long enough to know that you know
what I do is okay
on a good day
but yes it was quite difficult
those early days so that leads you to
drinking and that leads you to going out
just the numb
your insecurities and your fears
do you think you could have gotten here
without your imposter syndrome if you
didn't feel like in a quote-unquote
imposter would you be saying now no way
I always say had I not had my imposter
syndrome had I not had the need to be
better I mean
I never look at anything I've done and
think this is amazing I'm always no I'm
like how can I do better
how can I make this better how can I
make this issue better how can I make
this better and that's really what's
Driven me over these years
even when an issue comes out of British
book I don't look at it until two months
later because I will literally see all
the mistakes and and that's something I
learned from
from back then
so my insecurities really that that's
what drove me that's what kept driving
me not the successes
it's the fact that think this wasn't
good enough or that wasn't good enough
or this could be better
but I got to a point where I went okay
you can you can let that go for now and
yeah see things from a different angle
but yeah my imposter syndrome definitely
propelled me if you if you have that
where you're looking at your work and
you always are self-critical of it
and you're always thinking about how you
could have done it better how were you
happy in the moment because that sounds
like you're kind of deferring your
enoughness the feeling that I'm enough
and it's good enough and everything's
fine off into the future behind the next
goal so how do you become at that stage
in your life how are you are you happy
in the moment
I mean you know everyone says why this
sense of insecurity what you have to
remember is I was in
an incredible home and I lost it
an incredible country lost it
an Incredible family lost it
went into a gay scene that was so
it was so different to what I expected
so lost that so for me it's there's
always a sense of loss
that I had to overcome
does that make sense power makes perfect
sense
you know I had to belong somewhere I
never felt I really belonged anywhere
and that really
was the factor sitting here 50 years old
you know I've been able to deal with my
My
Demons you know through
yeah through work through therapy
whatever you want to call it so I'm a
different person now but I'm still that
same I still have those feelings of
of yeah you just have to make it
as best as it can be but now not
detrimental to my health not detrimental
to my mental health
but as a young person you don't think of
that you just
you just have to move forward and you
have to be the best you can be whatever
that is
you have to move forward you start that
treadmill at 18 years old which is much
earlier than a lot of people started as
fashion director of this magazine you
start moving forward you work you you
don't sleep you give everything to to it
and at some point it tends to be the
case when I speak to these incredible
people that there's a moment where you
go where am I how did I get here
and I need to I need to change something
was there a moment in your life where
you realize that you you know all this
running was maybe just a little too much
running and you had to stop for a second
and take a moment yeah I remember sort
of around
2002 I mean I've been in the industry
for so long I was creating fashion shows
for the best designers in the world I
was flying every day
or every few days to a different country
you know living the life as they call it
but I was always I was also the most
miserable I'd ever been
I would be in a room surrounded by
lots of people who feel really lonely
there was a sense of loneliness that was
sort of creeping
into my life every day and there's this
saying that you can be in a room
surrounded by thousands of people and be
lonely but that kept getting stronger
and stronger so I started drinking a lot
and I started um
sort of going out a lot you know
recreational drugs and one day
I was supposed to go to
Italy to work on a show
um a big show for
designers called Dolce Cabana and I had
a party and I lost my passport
and I was supposed to be there on day
one and by the time I got my passport
back it was day four
I literally went to the American I went
to the British Embassy to get my
passport with a bottle of vodka in my
hands you're joking yes which I put
through the security thinking there was
nothing wrong
but I remember getting to Milan and
literally breaking down and calling a
friend and said I think I'm done I think
I'm done with
with drinking I think I'm done and um
I became sober for the next 14 years or
so I knew my life had to change I moved
from London to New York to be away from
everyone
and that's what I did but
my career was totally unaffected
that
the people who have addictions can be
functioning so my career was at the top
you know at the time
and I could have just carried on but I
just knew that life had to change I just
knew I had to
develop some kind of spirituality I just
I just needed
to be able to look at myself and not
you know hate myself hate myself yeah I
hate myself
um you know work was always great but
like I said behind the curtains the
the insecurities the loneliness that a
lot of people a lot of High Achievers
feel you know when you don't have a
partner when you don't have a family to
go back to you're literally a lone wolf
with a lot of friends
everything in life has a cost in the
cost of being dragged or driven by
success is often something has to Fall
by the wayside yes and for so many
successful people that is social
connections and there's all these other
things that make life quote unquote
balanced
um because you know in the moment those
things seem disposable when you're so
focused and driven and you know running
away from where you've come from or
getting to where you're going
um and it seems like such a recurring
theme that I experienced what were the
symptoms you should you said the word
creeping creeping feelings of like
loneliness or whatever you know
depression whatever it was what were the
the
signals the signs
of that like that's what I really want
to get to because there'll be someone
listening to this now
that it might just be creeping like a
frog in a frying pan slowly heating up
what were those signals or signs in your
life the signals were like you know not
not really sleeping yeah not really
never engaging with people on a
one-to-one always being better with with
crowds of people around
avoidance you know avoiding certain
situations certain
people who are quote unquote good for
you
um avoiding people who you really
Loved Before and who were really kind to
you all of a sudden avoiding them
for a new group of shiny people
um and I spent watching you know endless
amounts of
TV but then realizing for the past six
hours you can't you can't even remember
what you've been watching
yeah staring at the screen but the mind
and a mind that wouldn't stop no
meditation involved
no just a mind that was working overtime
and what was it feeling like it's a
feeling of emptiness
I can describe that feeling
um now when I meditate I'm like oh so
that's the feeling but it's a feeling of
emptiness the feeling of
loneliness is really how I describe it
disconnectedness disconnected from
everything and everyone's telling you
how brilliant you are you have the
magazine covers I mean I remember once
at one month I look I went to the
newsstands I had the cover of American
Vogue Italian Vogue vanity American
Vanity Fair ID magazine and and feeling
empty and people saying oh my God look
at what you've achieved and just
just want and also wanting to destroy it
really wanted to destroy whatever Talent
there was wanting to destroy it not
really caring not really taking care of
it I mean now I know that when you're
given a talent I don't know where that
comes from you have to protect it you
have to nurture it you have to but when
you're young in your 20s and you have
money and and jobs are coming to you you
just don't
you don't see the value
so what changed at that moment in your
life what changed you gave up the
alcohol you describe yourself with that
point and I I went into AAA where
alcoholics oh my God I learned to do
service with homeless people in AAA it's
a leveler
so I'll you know you do service with
homeless people you'd go
for lunch with people from all walks of
life don't forget I've been
in this industry since 18 and I hadn't
stepped out of it the only people I knew
were actors or musicians I hadn't
stepped out of this but meeting real
everyday
regular people that really helped me and
also doing service you know one day you
make tea
um I had to spawn C's so you know
esponces you know someone who wants to
to not drink and change their life so
you're someone's in a Way Mentor I had
you know a sponsor but I was really in
the program and that really gave me a
spiritual side to be able to
to deal with the world and even you know
to
have a relationship with you know
married now like I said I've been in a
relationship now for 21 years but had I
not taken that step had I not woken up
and thought I need my life to be
different I don't know what I'll be
today
because the party moves very fast
you know the train moves very fast and a
lot of people in the fashion industry
don't get the chance
to step back and you know reevaluate you
just go it's just like
yeah you could go from party to party
and it would be okay
but I just knew that um
coming from where I came from
that I needed to change my life
going from party to party and it will be
okay that almost seems like a bit of a
metaphor for how a lot of people are
living their lives even outside of the
fashion industry going from job to job
lawyer to senior lawyer to partner at
the law firm without really having that
moment to step back and say who am I and
how did I get here and do I belong here
and do I feel okay I know the external
world's telling me I've done well but
that does that match with how I feel
inside
yeah I mean it's like you have to know
what you feel inside and a lot of times
too many people young people are
doing what they think other people want
them to do oh you're great you'll be
good at this you should ask for this job
sometimes you have to ask yourself do I
want that that's what I did everyone
says you need to take this campaign you
need to work with this designer so I did
but did I really want that maybe I
didn't
but you just do it because people
people's expectations of you you know
and I did that for years and you know I
don't do that anymore
but it takes it takes a while to be able
to figure that out if you could have had
a chat with Edward that 18 year old
fashion director at ID magazine and you
could you could have just sat down with
him and given him a couple of listen
right Edward this is what I need to tell
you
what would 51 year old Edward say to 18
year old Edward about career advice and
equipping him for the next couple of
years I said
don't just give everything to work
don't just give everything to work you
know find moments for yourself find
moments to self-reflect
find moments to to
I always say I always go back to
meditation find moments of self-help
because that will carry you much longer
you know a lot of people I started out
with are not are no longer around
so many people along the Wayside decided
the industry wasn't for them or was bad
for their Mental Health
and I just kept going
and I would have you know say to my
younger self you know what sometimes
maybe some some jobs aren't worth it
but you know when you're 18 everything
is a must isn't it do you think he would
have listened no
no way we'll just do the same thing all
over again
but that's the beauty of Youth isn't it
yeah yeah there's some lessons in life
that you have to learn for yourself what
I wasn't doing I didn't listen to anyone
really
but um
yeah
little Edward
but you know what's really great about
that time that I think about it was like
you know I go back to saying you know I
was
I was I don't know the chosen one or the
token whichever you want to see it
but I even learned at that age that I
needed
people like myself around I needed black
people around me people of color around
me so I you know I became really good
friends with a young model Naomi
Campbell A young makeup artist Pat
McGrath another hairstylist Ben scarf
and Patty Wilson and we became our
little group in the fashion industry
through the 90s and you always need you
always need your people why
because you just do because there's
certain things that you know I was
facing that you wouldn't know as a
person who wasn't black that Pat would
understand that Naomi would understand
we were navigate in spaces
that you know most black people want
and you just need someone to understand
when you had a problem someone to
understand and help you navigate really
so for me those friendships that we had
as kids in the early 90s we still so
close that we speak every day all of us
so you need your tribe
you need your tribe and I remember even
the day I stopped
I stopped drinking I called Pat and I
called Naomi and you know they've been
so consistent in my life
but I had my tribe
in an industry that wasn't really for us
yeah
you stayed at ideas fashion director for
a long time 20 something years 20
something years most young people
especially these days wouldn't stay in
any job
staying for two years after six months
they're coming to me to say what is my
Prospect I'm like I don't even know you
but that's when I read that I was like
is that correct like you stayed in one
job the job you had at 18 for 20
something years but I mean not 20 years
I mean 20 years but I was sort of
freelance and still doing the job yeah
doing the job but ideas are such a
special magazine you know it became like
the coolest magazine in the world every
model every actor everybody wanted to be
a part of it so there was no need for me
to live and also I'm also very loyal you
know loyalty is so important
so everywhere I go I never leave
there's something to be said for that
though it's rare in the modern world
that loyalty to a profession or a craft
yeah and if someone is loyal to you I
believe in sort of being loyal back
no if someone nurtures you you know
then you want to be there like I said it
replaces the family Dynamic which I
didn't have from that do you think
that's part of it the why why you've
been so loyal is because you're
searching for somewhere to belong oh I
know that because even when I was at ID
um my friends would say I was never
alone at my desk each day you know every
day you come in there'll be the the
hottest
actor singer dancer of the moment around
my table the next day would be a writer
it was like yeah come in come and hang
out let's go hang out for the day with
Edward
and what
was that making you feel
when there was people around you from an
emotional standpoint I mean I'm I'm
great with people I love being around
people and I always say you know I have
a have a husband who is sort of very
wants to be on his own introvert and I
grew up with
five siblings so I don't even know what
being on my own
it's like I mean now I do but back then
the more people around the mall
like they gave me energy and creativity
I love Creative conversations I love I
love being in the moment I love arriving
at you know a creative decision so
that's that was really my feel
yeah Vogue how did that happen Vogue
yeah
so after ID
um in the late 90s I started working for
Italian Vogue for the great editor
called Franco sazani and Italian Virgo
was sort of of all the folks you could
say the most creative where you know
should give you 30 pages to shoot that
was incredible images so you know I did
that for maybe called 10 years I was at
Italian verb sort of the main stylist
and then I got a call from Anna winter
in America
to come and work for American Vogue so
from Italian Vogue I moved to American
Vogue and I was there for
working for another for seven years then
I got a call
damn you do long stints
[Laughter]
magazine to work with um stuff on the
tank here really great editor and I was
there for seven years wow you know when
you're having fun
or when you're enjoying what you do
time is of no essence
you know like I I would say oh the issue
comes out in six months and someone's
like that's six months away but for me
it was like tomorrow
so yes and then one day out of the blue
I got a call
from Jonathan Newhouse I'm a very
great he was you know he owns containers
the company that owns Vogue and
he said
um the editor who was there had been
there for 26 years
was you know fashioned in this nobody
leaves any chance clearly
what's leaving and would I come in for
an interview so I came in for a couple
of interviews
um I didn't think I was going to get it
because to be honest I thought Vogue
wasn't meant for people like me you know
I thought Vogue was meant for
you know women from a certain background
and
and I was you know the boy from Napa
Grove you know I was gay I was outspoken
you know I was good at my job but um
yeah I went for an interview and I
literally told them
you know how to how I would do Vogue for
for 2017. and what was that message to
make it inclusive to make it diverse you
know there was this notion in the
fashion industry that black women all
women of color on covers don't sell
it's been in the industry for as long as
I can remember but I saw all these
affluent women you know not just black
women you know gay women women from you
know with working class backgrounds you
know Muslim women Aussies British who
are British essentially
not seeing themselves reflected in the
magazine I thought well not only is it
bad but you know it's not good business
but I wanted to create a place or a safe
place where women could just
feel welcomed because I always remember
my mother always said to me if you can
see it you can be it
so I wanted to create um a magazine
where you know women of all shapes sizes
you know race age social economic
background could see themselves
reflected and that's all I did I didn't
reinvent the the wheel I just thought
who are the women out there that I
wanted to reach and that's what I did
and thank God the world was I mean now
diversity is a buzzword right but in
2017 nobody was wanted that on a
magazine
and I always said you know I knew I'd
probably be fired three months in
but I also learned at least what I got
from my father I would rather be fired
for something I believed in than to go
in half halfing it and get fired anyway
half hours
so yeah that's how voke happened and the
world was ready
when you got that call
saying that you were going to take that
top job at Vogue how did you feel
scared I felt scared on one hand because
I knew
the type of person I am that I that I
wouldn't
like I said I wouldn't just go in and
try to make do I would need to change
everything
I also knew that VOC had such a huge I
mean folks the best magazine in the
world and has such a huge
sort of history
that I wanted to sort of be a part of it
but make it about today and I didn't
know if the readers would be ready
I mean before I started the job you know
there were speculations in the newspaper
I mean I got called all kinds of Africa
and I got called I got called heaven I
heard called it black what was it I had
the uh the black one they said it was
like going to crafts yeah and the cat
one like a whole other breed so already
I had that on my shoulders it was really
it was a really tough time
but I didn't speak I just thought let me
just bring out the magazine and when the
first issue dropped December
2017 with adjoa on the cover an issue
that was dedicated to Great Britain
the country that gave me a home the
country that I loved
and featured all the best you know
um zadie Smith and Naomi Campbell um
Sadiq Khan that's the best of Britain
the world got it straight away and from
that minute the the magazine just went
up up up up and we haven't looked back
but even I read it so I read about that
story of the newspaper when you got the
job as the top job at Vogue they said it
was like
crufts but the cat winning yes racism
and then I also recall a story you tell
about arriving at Vogue one day and a
security lady not letting you in because
they thought you were the delivery man
yeah
and at that point you were oh the editor
I've been editor for years and they
wouldn't let you in the building yeah I
mean it was it was you know I think the
woman was hired from God knows where I
walked in I walked in and
without asking for anything without
asking for my party was like loading Bay
excuse me what
I said
you have to use the loading bear and I
was like I'm the editor of this magazine
but what that's you know obviously what
that taught me was never
to feel that
the work is done never to feel that I'm
okay never to feel that I've made it
those moments remind me that there's
still a lot to do a younger person
walking in there would have been
paralyzed with fear but I knew how to do
something about it
and this also happened years ago at a
show where they put old-fashion
directors in the front row and put me in
the second row and I literally was on
Twitter the next day I'm not scared fear
is not an option for me you know from a
young age I've never been scared of
fighting
for you know what I deserve or fighting
for what people
from different backgrounds deserve
so yes that happened at Vogue you know
but it also made me realize that
you always have to fight and you can
never be complacent
even today do you feel like there's
people that want to see you fail and
that don't want a man of your color and
background to be in that role I mean I
think you know I mean I've proven myself
I mean at the end of the day I didn't
just create a magazine that looked good
but also if magazine that was Finance
it's so financially successful
you know diversity sells I remember
taking the job and people saying to me
diversity is down Market yes I heard
that then I had Oprah Winfrey on the
cover wearing the most incredible
diamond earrings and it's sold out
so every day I continue to sort of um
challenge what the idea of
Vogue is that an idea of being an editor
is but now I look around at all the
magazines and and diversity is now a
part of
part of the media you know having black
models on the covers that's no longer a
a big deal having issues around
you know having gay issues or trans
issues it's no longer an issue but in
2017 it was unheard of
so it shows how far we've come but
there's still a long way to go you
thought Edward you fought for your
entire life you fought for yourself you
fought for others you're fighting for
your people
um you're doing that every day it's so
clear in all your work I was reading
also about the black issue You released
and how well that sold out where you put
all sort of black models throughout this
magazine and yeah and that fight again
it comes at a cost
um
and one of the costs that came at was
your health yeah I read about the health
scare you had can you tell me about that
and the doctors linked that back to your
lack of sleep and yeah it sounded like
some kind of sort of a culmination of
fighting a bit too hard if that makes
sense I mean you know I was I was even
on my way here I was in
in the car with my PR and just like
you're always fighting
you always
pushing forward yes basically all those
years of um
just not sleeping just working over
working traveling I woke up one day and
I saw these black markings in my in my
vision
and it turned out that I was
uh I was having a detached retina
so the retina detach it eventually you
know one surgery then he detached again
and he detached four times
in the same eye
and then as all that was happening
um my other eye started so they had to
operate unless I've been I think five
operations
and you know I work with my eyes so can
you imagine what that did
so that was really harrowing and then
also I developed um tinnitus so the
hearing I had that oh it's hard to
explain you can't explain you can't
explain it if I said to you your ears
gonna ring you go okay but when your
earrings you think you're going crazy
yeah you go crazy you think you're going
crazy I had it for about 15 days and I
can see I you know only 15 days yes it
went yeah oh wow and I so I started
reading online about it because you're
gonna have this for life and then I read
about the the psychological impact on
your mental health of having it for life
can you imagine having that and then
having my eyes
but what it did teach me you know when
you know I didn't work for two years
people didn't realize when my whole sort
of
eye issues were happening didn't work
for two years but in the industry you
know you can you have so many shoes
banked anyway so it looks like you are
but I knew after that that I had to
change my life that I had to practice
self-care
that I had to you know work hard but not
travel as much not take every job not
and British folk came at the right time
because it helped
you know it meant I'll be in one place a
lot I'll be in an office which was also
very new because I hadn't been in an
office for a while and yes it really
helped me turn my life around I mean um
such a health nut
a purpose-driven man like you that's so
in love with his work for your work to
be taken because your eyes as you say
are Central to what you do so you can't
see films TV shoots well what was the
the sort of mental health implications
of that oh my God I was I was I I was a
mess I mean
I was I was living in New York at the
time anyway and I was saying I saw a
a therapist who said I had PTSD
because I was so scared of losing my
vision it spiraled I mean to all my to
my relationship
expired into my life I was so scared up
and I remember
the idea of going blind
wouldn't leave my mind for one second
like it wasn't like every day I thought
of oh I might go blind once it was every
second on my mind I could be happy and
I'll go back you're gonna go blind and
the mind the brain is so powerful so
imagine you're leading your life and
then there's this thing running behind
your brain You're Gonna Go Blind You're
Gonna Go Blind but non-star and it took
a lot of therapy to
cognitive therapy to help me deal with
that because I was convinced not just
one eye but to you but then I found it
was incredible doctor in New York
probably the best in his field and
you know my eyes are yeah good now I
mean not perfect but at least I can see
or partially see I don't know if it was
slightly after that but you know we've
talked about the incredible impact and
inspiration from a very young age that
your mother was to you she was
everything you've described vivacious
she was an entrepreneur she was the the
reason why fashion became such an
important part of your life as a Young
Man during fashion designs under her
workstation at work and so on and while
she was away visiting Ghana she had a
stroke yeah and from her health
deteriorated over the coming over the
next couple of years
in 2016 at 44 years old your mother
passed away
what impact did that have on your
perspective in your life the passing of
your mother
um oh my God I mean my mother was
somebody who wouldn't stop working
she was somebody who
wouldn't sleep I mean I get all that
from her
she read I mean my mother didn't even
cook because my sisters would cook she
was obsessed with beautiful clothes make
bringing Beauty in the world but I also
watched her you know she didn't eat so
well she wouldn't exercise she just wake
up and just work
so I mean you know my mother was the
love of my life and it really made me
stop to think I mean you know Strokes
are not nothing to you know to be messed
with and it runs in my family so that
was already a sign to really look after
myself but losing my mother really left
a void that you know will never be
filled
but now I don't remember the strange
thing happens when you lose a parent no
I don't remember her being ill
I just remember that you know that
gorgeous creative woman
who was so full of life
and my mother always thought me not to
be scared of anything and
yeah all the memories I have of her so
great but she also helped me change my
life
you know
yeah she was the love of my life
in your words what do you owe to her
I owe her everything my God I owe her
the love the love of
fashion and color and people
the
the the the the the
delving into your imagination the
creativity
everything that's I create that's
beautiful everything you know the love I
have of women of all shades and sizes
and ages and
you know race everything everything good
everything good in in my work but also
in my life she was the kindest most
nurturing
human being and that's something I try
to do with my staff that's something I
try to do in my everyday life sort of
you know they used to call me teacher
when I was young so I really like
teaching the Next Generation and really
nurturing them so all that really came
from my mother and also empathy
you know being able to
put yourself in someone's shoes oh that
came from her
when she after her stroke it was almost
15 years where you describe it as a sort
of decline in her in her health
[Music]
when she did pass away was there any
any thoughts of sort of regrets about
the this is something I always wonder
about my parents because I've still got
my parents but I play out the scenario
of how I'll feel one day when I've spent
all this time working and our
relationship you kind of I think I've
gone through life thinking my parents
will live forever to be honest
yeah everyone thinks their parents are
going to live forever I say to my
friends please make sure you see your
parents as much as you can because when
they're gone they're gone I still pick
up the phone to call my mother and she's
not there but I spend as much time as
you can because they're not here forever
you think they are and the biggest
regret I had is all those years I spent
working and traveling and not seeing
enough of her and not you know going
back to
to visit and I was just so consumed with
work you know the one regret I do have
is I wish I would have spent more time
with her but I thought she was going to
be around forever
so yeah spend as much time as you can
with your parents you know build
whatever Bridges you can build I know
some bridges are impossible but if you
can build British to you know do because
when they're gone
you will miss them
are there any did you ever hear from you
directly the impact that she had had on
your life
I mean you know before she had the
stroke she saw how well I was doing and
you know she would see you know
different articles appear in different
magazines and she knew that you know she
was Africa so she knew that I was
financially secure
secure enough to give you know to look
after the family so for her even though
she didn't see me get to this level she
knew that you know
I was able to buy a place when I was
very young and I'm able to sort of look
after them and so she saw that
and I think she was very proud of that
she must have been very proud of you I
think she was I hope she was anyway
incredible you went to therapy
um after she'd passed away what has
therapy given you what's the sort of the
practical
[Music]
therapy really gives you the Practical
tools to cope with life I I mean I've
always had I've always been very good
with boundaries like it teaches you
boundaries I've always been very good
you know when I was a teenager I was I
just wanted to do what everybody wanted
but then the older I got I mean I was I
mean I was so Frosty at Point times
anyway
okay
this is your boundaries it teaches
when
when you know things are not right you
know again I've always had that but it
teaches me to be human to be caring to
you know certain people in our positions
you know when you're successful
sometimes you
you discard opinions so fast or you
discard people people's ideas so I'm now
learning to be a better listener you
know all those things that I wasn't when
I was growing up you know maybe it's
turning 50 as well you know I'm not
patient now definitely
if I was your who's the closest person
to you professionally
professionally oh my god oh
um who knows you best professionally
my sister okay so your sister your
younger sister right my sister who was
also my agent for 15 years if I asked
her what what you're good at because you
know you've reached this position where
you're the top of your game and what you
do
from the most incredible start in life
to hear now
so we talked about your talent but we
didn't really figure out in terms of
like the specifics of what that Talent
is in your in your own words if I was to
ask your sister I said what's Edward's
Talent
what is the thing that he's good at that
the peers just can't quite do as well as
he can he should ask her
what do you think should say
um I think she will probably say that I
I'm in sort of Perpetual forward motion
that I don't take no for an answer
probably
and that I'll
yeah I'll do whatever I can to make
to make the best magazine or to make the
best picture or to make the best like oh
I'll go to the ends of the world to make
things happen maybe isn't it difficult
for someone who doesn't have that same
standard to work with someone like you
then
because if only you know if I don't care
as much about the details as you do yeah
but I also think that you know it comes
with time doesn't it
you know I think you can see Diamonds In
The Raw
so I don't expect everybody to be like
me but I can also see potential and then
hopefully you can nurture that potential
to its fullest
so I don't expect everybody to come in
you know sometimes the best
the best people you work with are the
quiet ones in the back the ones who are
not good at in interview situations
but the ones who know who work and our
workers and she probably say that I I
I'm definitely a worker like I work very
hard
the standards matter to you very much
sir
do you sweat the small stuff yes
why does that matter
the the devil's in the details
you know you have to to create on a
level that we create you know you can't
just say okay everything's fine
everything will work out can you work
with people that are like that
don't sweat the small stuff
so long as there are people there who
can't sweat the small stuff maybe it's
other people's talents or something else
but there needs to be a balance it can't
just be
everybody says sweater small stuff
but they also has to be sort of dreamers
and
creators you know someone said to me
once what do you look for
when you employ staff
and like I said it's not the best
interview it's
when you're walking towards my office am
I happy to see you
like what are you bringing
to the job so someone comes into my
office they're like sweating the small
stuff and somebody can just walk in and
go I have a big idea
and that's what I love about what we do
you think you're successful
I'm successful
uh I'm just at my work
but I'm still a work in progress where
life is concerned
because every day I learned something
new about myself I feel like I missed a
lot of years growing up you know for
years I was always
I was always sort of jealous when I saw
people who went to University together
oh
when people were you know we went to
University together had all those
escapades and I was working
but now I realize that everybody has
their own path
and mine was to yeah to go
and be a worker
quick one some of you will know that
this podcast is now sponsored by the
incredible Airbnb I'm a huge user lover
and customer of Airbnb every time I go
away on a trip whether that's work
related or it's a holiday Airbnb is
always my go-to but have you ever
considered have you ever thought about
making some extra cash to cover some
bills or to help pay off a holiday let
me explain further perhaps people are
coming to your town or city for a music
festival for an event or a holiday and
you have a spare room why not Airbnb it
or your home office is free right now
you're working away from home during the
week you can Airbnb it honestly the
possibilities are endless I've Airbnb
one of my Apartments before and it's a
great way to make extra cash I'd highly
recommend you all to at least check it
out that extra space you have that extra
room it might be worth more than you
think so to find out just how much it's
worth search airbnb.co.uk host that's
airbnb.co.uk slash host check it out
sometimes I ask my friends this because
this is the kind of way that I am but if
happiness were an ingredients list if it
was a recipe that needed certain
ingredients in certain quantities for
the recipe to be complete
is there anything missing currently off
your ingredients list that you think if
you just had a little bit more of that
then maybe you'd be even more fulfilled
content happy no it's for me it's more
it's more the opposite I'm now like if I
don't want to be in a place
whether it's dinner or in a job or in a
situation I'm out
that's what that's the ingredient that I
have now that I don't want to spend any
life is doing so I don't want to spend
any time being in a place where I don't
want to be and that came with years and
years
of you know failures and successes or
whatever you call it now I know where I
need to be who I want to be with
and that's that's the ingredient that's
been added I'm 30 now right so I've got
your baby there's a 20 about a 20 20
year gap between me and you so my God
you're so great oh thank you I mean that
means a lot coming from you so thank you
what advice would you give me as a 30
year old man right now you know I've got
my I've got another 20 years ahead of me
it's a different chapter of life
I love that piece of advice you said
about boundaries and like if I don't
want to be there let's let someone down
get out of there is there anything else
you think that as a 30 year old man
um would equip me to make the next
chapter of my life is brilliant I mean
don't say don't take no for an answer
keep keep doing what you do there'll be
naysayers along the way people like oh
you can do it like this you can do it
like that this this person don't listen
to any of that you've already set
yourself on a great path
manifest it keep moving forward yeah but
really don't be distracted by people
telling you you can't do this or you
can't do that or shouldn't do this once
someone again one of the things my
mother said to me is when you go into a
place
any situation and they say you know we
do things like this oh things you should
say why
always have that on your mind why why
why does it have to be like this why
can't we change so why
it's a very important word to have
a man how has love changed your life
Edward
20 years married now I mean love I never
thought I would have love I always
thought I'd be like
I love those people who sort of career
minded people you know where you get to
the end of your life and you've achieved
everything without
a partner then I met you know I like
when we were in our 20s I was in my late
20s or since early 20s and part of the
reasons why I got certain part of the
reasons why I got sober and he has
taught me about
just being a and being a person being
Being Human
you know being grounded
it's so special
really just just the normal things in
life but he's also very creative so
he tells me when the cover is awful and
we fight
and I say to him what do you mean this
is awful everybody loves this and goes
yeah they tell you what you want to hear
so he's my my you know my my home
you know my safe space
and he's just very kind you know
took me to be kinder
have you learned to express to him what
he means to you
I think he read the book
no he knows he knows what he means to me
what does he mean to you without him I
wouldn't wait I wouldn't be here I
wouldn't even I probably wouldn't even
want to carry on uh doing what I do but
he's so excited he's a director
so he's also so excited by work and our
life and you know we have two puppies so
we have a great work-life balance you
wouldn't want to be here and I wouldn't
want to be here doing what I do you know
I'll be like Oh I'm gonna I'm just
quitting or
that those you know those days when you
go home like ah like I can't be bothered
to deal with that and he's like yes you
will
and you'll go back tomorrow and you know
just he's really normal and
so lovely
Edward we have a closing tradition on
this podcast where the last guest leaves
a question for the next guest without
not knowing who they're leaving it for
and I get to see it when I open the book
um and the question that's been left for
you by our previous guest who I shot
aren't they is if you could be part of
any brand or company past or present
which would it be and why
I mean obviously I go back to
first magazine I ever saw
was Ebony magazine there was a great
woman called Eunice W Johnson Johnson
and she was
she was the editor's wife
she was one of the few black women who
would go to Fashion weeks as we call it
now and do you know that poor woman they
wouldn't lend her the clothes to shoot
she had to buy the Couture with her
money with her own money to do these
fashion shows called ebony
Fashion Fair run the deep south of
America in the 50s and 60s this woman
was so incredible Eunice W Johnson Ebony
magazine I would have loved to have been
her right hand I would have loved to
have gone to the shows with her and
fought with her
to get I mean what I what I have now you
know access to everything is because of
women like her
so Ebony magazine in the 40s and 50s
next to Eunice W Johnson would have been
incredible
Edward thank you thank you for fighting
because by doing so you're laying the
foundation and opening doors not just
for people in the fashion industry but
for people in every industry that come
from where you come from that look like
you including me because of Role Models
like you in our society you're opening
doors for people like me that are coming
through in different Industries so that
we are accepted enabled and our talents
are put first and foremost beyond
anything else that might be our skin
color our background or our Creed your
book is incredible it's a very important
book that I think is um thank you it
tells a story and as I call it an
impossible story of a young kid from
Ghana that gets to the very top and
becomes the first black editor in
British folks history but it's also just
such a human Story the struggles that
you're very vulnerable and open about
um and and the the ultimate sort of
Triumph at the end of this story which
is I call it the end of the story I mean
you've still got a vision board but but
as a Triumph that is um impossible but
important and generational you're an
incredible person thank you for fighting
please do keep fighting and I recommend
everyone to go and check out this
incredible book A Visible man because
um it needs to it needs to be a visible
book because it's um it certainly had a
profound impact on my life so thank you
Edward oh thank you for having me and
keep on doing what you do I'm gonna I
hope you do too thank you Edward
[Music]
problem with protein powders is they
tend to taste a bit it feels like hard
work to consume them and then when I got
Hills protein powder which by the way is
20 grams of protein and just 105
calories and I tried it for the first
time there was this kind of mental
confusion that it tastes as good as a
milkshake I might buy in the corner shop
but it's nutritionally complete and has
20 grams of protein in it and my
favorite of all the flavors I've got the
chocolate fudge brownie flavor in front
of me is The Salted Caramel flavor with
a little bit of ice in it it is a dream
and I'm training at the moment I'm doing
cardiovascular training ahead of soccer
AIDS so having protein in my diet
especially when I'm incredibly busy is a
must-have for me if you're looking for a
good protein powder I highly recommend
you try this recommended it's my friend
Simon she's now obsessed with it
and I think if you try it you'll find
out why
[Music]
you got to the end of this podcast
whenever someone gets to the end of this
podcast I feel like I owe them a greater
debt of gratitude because that means you
listen to the whole thing and hopefully
that suggests that you enjoyed it if you
are at the end and you enjoyed this
podcast could you do me a little bit of
a favor and hit that subscribe button
that's one of the clearest indicators we
have that this episode was a good
episode and we look at that on all of
the episodes to see which episodes
generated the most subscribers
thank you so much and I'll see you again
next time